once-in-a-generation a trilogy emerges
everyone wanted it but no one thought it
would come and I say hey what a
wonderful kind of day
with the video and here it is this is
made a video let's watch it Arthur games
over three hey everybody peeps here you
know what time it is it's frickin Arthur
time bring the Arthur alarm you guys
know the drill by now I've got some
Arthur games we're gonna play them let's
go ahead and get started huh this video
is sponsored by a company that makes
designer collectible figurines for the
heroes of the Internet u2's what is this
I'm very very excited about today's
sponsor again the Arthur fist meme vinyl
toy from YouTube's u2's has had almost
100 releases this year alone including
some names you might know like mr. beast
jacksepticeye jontron and a lot of
others and those releases are limited so
once they make a new design like this
Arthur one here well they're sold out
they're gone they're gone for good let's
give it a look
[Music]
here's my new best buddy so many
emotions in one fist buddy he's so cool
he can check out DW in the background
Arthur's Fist of Fury is put the fear in
there clearly again this is a limited
release so if you want this you gotta
get it now you can go to youtube.com and
check out there or you can use my link
in the description below do it today
right now first we have Arthur's
kindergarten I'm very particular about
what kind of games we play here on this
channel
only the classics I wasn't gonna talk
about this game on this video originally
because I figured it would be too
similar to the game we played on a
previous Arthur video Arthur's preschool
or excuse me
toddler but we played into my livestream
and I'm glad we did because it ended up
being pretty funny let's give it a shot
but before we play obviously we have to
install the game first for my age I was
inclined to select adult installing for
a child but then I realized I'm not
installing this for a child I'm
installing it for me so I guess I have
to go with the second one I'm a big kid
I install my own games also 500 hours of
American online for free holy crap
Arthur's kindergarten Arthur's reality
typing the letters of your name and then
click OK
[Music]
nice to meet you Andy if I can't beat
Andy I'm gonna join him apparently a
storm came through Elwood City and
messed up Arthur's treehouse so they've
got to go around town and help a bunch
of adults with their problems so that
they'll give them random junk that they
can use to fix the treehouse with Arthur
actually have some adult problems that I
need help with do you have any give any
advice for me
can a doctor prescribe that and we can
track our progress with this little star
here this is the screen that shows you
how close you are to play fun games in
the treehouse in order to play three
allegedly fun games we have to play a
whole bunch of not fun games first so we
better go ahead and get started with
that first will help our best friend
Buster I told mrs. Maplewood that I'd
help put tools on the lumber yard
shelves so that she'd give us some scrap
wood but boy I had no idea it would be
this hard
okay I gotta be honest Buster gave some
instructions on how to play this but I
wasn't really paying attention so I
guess we're guessing maybe you need to
try again I think I can help
I think the boxes that are still closed
have what we're looking for you think
you think Arthur get that condescending
smirk off your face I have to find a box
of nuts okay let's help Buster find his
nuts we did it
miss Maplewood says we can take any
boards we need for the treehouse you
want to stay here and do this again just
for fun no no thanks Oh wasn't that nice
of mrs. Maplewood said mom all right on
to binky's game where we learn about
many deep subjects such as life death
and the brutal cutthroat nature of
capitalism thank you for all you've
taught us binky Barnes it's truly been
an honor to spend this time with you
today
but unfortunately I must leave you now
because big surprise DW is throwing a
fit oh no where's DW yes DW has gone
into hiding because she was so offended
we didn't pick her earlier why we're
wasting our time looking for DW as if
she's actually gonna bring anything
useful to the table I have no idea but
we have to it's cool that they added
this new game in this version but holy
crap it takes forever I'll give you
directions right by telling you up down
I got you all right I'm ready see the
arrow keys keyboard when I say up down
left or right okay when I talk okay and
before you know it we'll fine okay DW No
fine building the excessive instructions
aside he also stops to give you an
update on how the DW search is going
you're getting closer every we're
closing in on DW single I think this is
the right way step you're getting closer
of the way it feels like we're closing
in on DW when we finally do find her she
just shows up like it me all right you
found DW please ignore everything Arthur
says no I am NOT happy about this how
would you like it if you don't think you
and how would you like it if I buried
you alive because as soon as I'm done
building this stupid tree house that's
exactly what I'm gonna do
okay so we're ignoring DW I'm not gonna
put up with that kind of emotional
blackmail and I'm also gonna go ahead
and skip a couple of the games
especially the brains game because even
if you follow the rules to a tee you can
still lose great I won't go for you
Arthur
definitely not mad or anything so let's
go help Francine what took you so long
ah you're welcome I found a table that
would be just right you can have it all
right well that's that wrap it up let's
get on over to the but first things
first I need a little help with
something I call a word sculpture um
why why do you need help with that what
is even what even is a word sculpture
what are you doing dude you're not just
wasting our time you're wasting your own
time if you're confused about what
exactly we're doing here well frankly I
don't blame you but I'm pretty sure
we're making art yes art just look at
amazing stuff guys it's a modern art you
just you're not cultured enough to
understand it I'm really looking forward
to seeing some of these pieces in my
local museum coming soon in the next
animal crossing update alright the last
one we have is DW she was really excited
to show off her stupid flower math game
but considering she made me look for her
a second time I'm just gonna go ahead
and fast-forward through it I start by
counting yeah you made that look easy
and now that we've helped everyone we
finally get to play the fun games Hey
you get a certificate way to go as it
turns out the tree house games are in
fact not fun that the tree house games
are just tic-tac-toe concentration but
with monkeys and squirt the yellow on
the Ducks for two minutes straight
Arthur himself has lied to me and I'm
not sure I can cope with this never meet
your heroes up next I have another game
from the living book series these are
usually pretty good and this time I have
one starring a very underrated character
DW specifically DW the picky eater jokes
about hating DW are funny and everything
but I actually really love DW as a
character in fact being friends with her
is one of my crowning achievements in
life god that's me by the way
just in case you didn't see the last
Arthur games video
[Music]
um cheeto for you are you are you okay
I'm DW and this is my room if you need
help just click on me DW I just want to
say sorry for burying you alive in the
sand
earlier that really was there really was
a bad move on my part I just wanted to
say could you please forgive me I'll
take that as a yes
Chuck said DW I'm not going to eat this
you've never even tried it said mother I
have to say said mother doesn't even
hold a candle to said mom very very
disappointing living book so far cannot
recommend I don't anything with pickles
tomatoes basic you are a picky eater I
remember this being a good episode but
the book version is actually a little
lacking and no not just because of a
said mother thing not really a whole lot
happens DW is a picky eater in the
kitchen DW is a picky eater in the
dining room DW is a picky eater at her
friend's house DW is a picky eater at a
restaurant you get the picture it's a
little dull but on the positive side
there's a few really cool animations
here and there I hate I'm so embarrassed
I have only one thing to say I
because she can't eat her food properly
DW is banished from all public family
eating's and has to stay with
babysitters instead naturally this
starts to make her feel a little jealous
where did you get that demanded DW at
the Chinese restaurant watch this and
frankly I don't blame her because that
was pretty sick so she promises she can
do better and she gets a second chance
at Grandma Thora's birthday dinner where
she orders the little bo-peep hotpot and
somewhat predictably she loves it how do
you make that very simple really said
the waiter just take some pie pastry and
fill it with lots and lots and that is
the DW the picky eaters living book
story honestly it's a little bit short
and somewhat forgettable at least by
living book standards just like the past
games we've covered after listening to a
page be read you can click on different
objects on the screen and watch the
little things happen I feel this one is
a little limited on this front too
though Arthur's computer adventure which
had a pretty impressive number of unique
and entertaining things to click on was
released in the same year so it's a
little bit disappointing for example in
Arthur's computer adventure we got an
entire song about farting
sung to us by cookie jars of course and
in this game we get thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you but it does have
some bonus minigames to make up for but
but they are also not that good there's
a pointless house decorating game a
pointless picnic game and a pointless
gopher murder simulator
oh and a story creator if you count that
as a game my favorite food is Burgers
and Fries I cannot wait till Arthur dies
and the last game we have is Arthur's
sandcastle contest obviously all the
Arthur games are made for kids
understandable but that doesn't mean
that they can't be good games made for
kids that could even potentially still
be enjoyed today even if you're an adult
who's really obsessed with Arthur for
some reason I don't know if you guys if
you know any if you guys know any
anybody like that the previously
mentioned Arthur's computer adventure
Arthur's camping adventure Arthur's
birthday adventure are all definitely
good games made for kids but Arthur's
sandcastle contest I don't know I just
don't have a very good feeling about
this one maybe it's because I never
heard of it until recently or maybe it's
because they decided they needed to
specify that it is indeed a fun game in
the title doesn't really inspire
confidence I'm getting some serious 30
great games for Wii U vibes right now
but hey you never know let's give it a
shot
Wow castles are so cool I'm going to
build my own
can we get cotton candy at the beach
maybe after lunch your dad packed us a
great picnic Wow look at that a
sandcastle contest Arthur's sandcastle
contest I don't know if you guys notice
this but these cut Sidra are actually
not from the PBS KIDS series Arthur
they're actually from the game is IO
it's easy to get them mixed up Arthur
enters the sand castle making contests
and recruits his friends to help him out
with it they don't have very many
sandcastle making tools though but
luckily of the brain is here he somehow
makes a completely unnecessarily
elaborate sand brick building machine
that requires only sand and water to
work I guess he brought the gas or
whatever fuel this thing uses because he
brought that from home I don't know
would that's never covered he made this
thing in two minutes by the way
one water plus one sand equals one sand
brick and we need a certain number of
both normal and special bricks to win
I'm not exactly sure how many it is but
it's a decent amount because we're
playing on
hardmode oh yeah go hard or go home baby
oh what a great day to be at the beach I
love summer vacation I'm hungry
that is possibly the best and or worst
baby sound effect I have ever heard all
right first things first let's go this
away before we can build the castle we
need both sand and water the latter of
which we can collect by beating this
Beach maze game over and over we got to
navigate Arthur to the water before his
feet get too hot all while avoiding
obstacles like random people or crabs
that apparently kill you ouch these
crabs are really holding yeah but at
youth we're try it's kind of pathetic
that Arthur is having this much trouble
with these crabs considering DW doesn't
seem to have any problem whatsoever
she's just casually picking one up on
the box like it's nothing seriously
Arthur get it together you're
embarrassing yourself and you're
embarrassing me by association more
importantly you can cool your feet off
with the pools and you can also steal
random french fries scattered on the
ground to go faster hey these fries make
me super fast sorry
use the excuse me so too far I'm not
really sure that's how french fries work
but whatever again since you need quite
a bit of water and sand you have to do
this many of many times luckily for you
guys I can just fast-forward through
this part all right we've got water so
now we need the sand
you're a good digger pal can you help me
dig I'm not trying to be too critical
here but I think this may be just about
the most inefficient sand collecting
technique we could have possibly come up
with vamos a collecting machine
[Applause]
I'm not 100% sure but I'm pretty sure
this is a walking animation I don't
really have anything to say about it I
just felt like I couldn't go through the
video without showing it to you
as previously mentioned we need a lot of
sand but as I was playing I had some
other stuff to do there's kind of left
for a few hours and then came back all
right let's see how many I get while I
was gone
145 oh my god
so now all we have to do is make the
bricks with a brain and build the castle
with Buster after some very intense
sandcastle building I came up with this
these guys live in a castle and this guy
wants to get into the castle cuz he's
his real hungry or something and they
say he know he's not allowed to and this
is there's a flag I did a good job thank
you and if you disagree you're wrong
because I won the contest so what a
great picture well I guess I have to
dock a few points for only having two
minigames but other than that it
actually wasn't that bad
I give it a rating up out of 10 and that
concludes the third and possibly final
Arthur games video there's unfortunately
not that many Arthur games to play
really so I guess it's time to say
goodbye bye Arthur
[Music]
hey everybody thanks so much for
watching I really do appreciate it if
you wanna help me up and hit the like
button thank you so much you can watch
another Arthur video here or you can
watch the archive of the Arthur's
kindergarten stream I did thanks so much
and I'll see you again soon bye bye hey
you get a certificate way to go